Hey, everybody. Hey, Michael.
Hey, hey.
Should we kick this off?
Let's do it.
Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 425, recorded March 24th, 2025.
I am Brian Okken.
And I'm Michael Kennedy.
And
we
are excited to announce that this episode is brought to you by Posit Connect.
Listen to their segment later in the show.
You can also connect with us.
And
if
you go to our show notes and visit all the links,
we're on Bluesky and Mastodon mostly lately.
And if you'd like to actually thank you for listening,
but also if you'd like to watch us live,
you can check us out at pythonbytes.fm/live.
Usually Mondays at 10 a.m., but it's spring break this week,
so we're doing it a little early.
And then finally,
if you'd like to have all the links that we talked about delivered, plus extra information
delivered right to your inbox, go to pythonbytes.fm
and
sign up for the newsletter. We don't spam
you. We just send you the newsletter.
Anyway,
what do you got for us today, Michael?
I want to kick off with a Twitter thread of all things. And this one's pretty interesting.
So Armin Roeneker, original creator of Flask,
put
out a question,
and it got
a
lot more attention than I would imagine it justified.
And I found it so simple, and I just found it pretty interesting.
Okay.
The question is,
if
you use Python, but you don't use uv, why?
we don't use it yet why
right so I got like 215
responses almost a thousand likes
things like that
so I want to just call out
some of
I'm not going to go read all
215 top level
pieces but I'm going to call out some of the ones
that I thought were interesting
and just get your thoughts Brian
as well
so for example
someone said I'm not going to also give attributes
because there's a bunch. It'll take forever.
So someone said, I get it replaces pip in pyenv,
but should I use it instead of the built-in Python-m venv, venv, right?
Yes.
Yes. Yes, you should.
Yes, yes, you should also do that.
The reason I'm calling this out, the reason I'm making this a topic
is there were a lot of,
I
think, a lot of misconceptions
or a lot of people are like, what's UV?
So I think
those
are worth touching on.
So one of the awesome things about using uv, V, E, and V,
instead of Python, V, E, and V,
is, well, what if you don't have Python?
Python, V, and V will just say, error, no Python, right?
UV says, oh, well, why don't we just get you the latest version of Python?
Or you can say 3.12 or 3.11 or whatever version you want or a specific minor version, right?
Or build version, right?
3.13.1 instead of 3.13.2, whatever, right?
So it frees you from even having to worry about having Python set up.
I got two new computers, Brian, two new computers.
I got a new laptop and a new Mac mini.
And I have not installed Python on it.
And I actually was a little bit bugged when
something
I had to brew install installed Python.
I'm like, darn it.
You're messing up my flow, right?
I don't want any Python in here other than virtual environments.
And I want those to be managed by uv.
And the thing is, it's two seconds.
With PyE and V, what it does is it downloads and it builds locally, which if you don't have it, it can take 10 minutes or more.
With uv, it takes two seconds.
It's a thing of beauty.
Well,
I just ran into the build, a problem with the build recently
because
there's issues,
especially in Windows,
when
if
you've got your dependencies mucked up somehow,
it can cause you to have to recompile some stuff
or try to recompile some stuff.
And then you have to make sure you have the right compiler libraries
on your computer and stuff like that.
So that's a mess.
Yeah, yeah.
Someone says, but I need Python installed to make Python programs.
I don't know.
Yes, but the previous comment.
But, I mean, it is installing it, using uv to install.
Like,
it isn't installing it like you normally think,
but
behind
the scenes, uv is putting it on your computer.
This is an interesting one.
I want to hear your thoughts on this.
I'm anti this only because of my workflow,
not against the person who made the comment.
because I don't use it because it places the VE and V folder inside your project.
And I can't run executables from there due to corporate policy, many such use cases.
No idea why Astral doesn't address this with more urgency.
Someone responded, that sounds like a bad corporate policy.
Also, it does. You can configure it to do that.
Yeah, exactly. There's an environment variable you can set to have it put it in somewhere else.
Now, one of the things that made me never, ever adopt Conda is if you would go and create a Conda environment for a data science project, it puts it into some hidden folder, centralized hidden folder inside of your profile instead of inside your project.
So I would go to a project and I'm like, did I, you know, a couple of months later and be like, did I ever make a virtual environment for this?
Maybe.
But then you got to say Conda activate and name the virtual environment.
I'm like, but what did I call it?
You know what I mean?
They're like, oh, drives me crazy.
And with it being inside the project folder,
you can look, go, yep, there's a virtual environment there.
I'm good to go.
Same reason that I don't like calling mine.vnv.
I just leave it without the dot
because I can quickly see in the finder
or a regular LS or whatever that, hey, look,
it does have a virtual environment.
All right, I'm too lazy to switch from Py, ENV, and pip.
I mean,
it
seems like a you problem.
There's lazy, like, I'm not going to walk two miles to the store.
And then there's, I can't be bothered to put the word uv space pip instead of pip in my command.
Well, and like, I'm lazy.
That's why I
am
using uv because it speeds up everything and I can get on my day faster.
Yeah.
Matthew Rocklin of Dask and Coiled had a really interesting comment once on Talk Python that basically like so much in programming happens because we're leveraging the natural inclination for programmers to be lazy.
I set it up so they can do this and they have to do less work and do it.
All right.
I'll keep going quicker now.
Trust issues.
What if they do a bait and switch, right?
It's VC backed.
What if they go, oh, all of a sudden?
Two comments there.
One, it's open source, and I'm sure a lot of people have forked it.
Two, although there are still some potential issues,
somebody's got to run the Python build standalone for some of the features.
But there's that.
And
they've already said that they won't, right?
Charlie Marsh said, like, our business model does not
hinge
upon charging for uv.
It's kind of an open core model.
But
Google used to say, don't be evil.
Yeah, but Brian, I totally hear you.
But did you look, when they said it, like around their back,
they had their fingers crossed.
Look, I'm just telling you,
you
got to double check these things.
No, I'm just kidding.
I know they did.
Actually, yeah, when VCs get involved,
and it's all well and good when there's lots of money,
things get tight, then it could potentially.
Well, and also we'll switch to something else then.
We'll switch to uv fairly quickly if
it
becomes bad.
Yeah, we'll
switch to VU or something.
I
have a reason, but when you run out of good
reasons.
All right, another one, masochism.
I haven't switched yet because I'm masochistic.
Another one.
Many times I've tried similar tools and always come back to pip and pip-tools,
a.k.a. pip compile.
Those, they just work.
I don't want something cool.
I know, but adding the word uv in front of each of these commands,
like uv pip compile, uv pip install,
it's not a huge risk to roll that back.
Delete three characters.
And we've tried the
other ones also, and they were not as fun.
Exactly.
I tried this week and was expecting uv install requests instead of uv add.
And I brought this one up.
I switched back to pip env.
I thought that was interesting because
there's
sort of two workflows with uv.
one says treat it like poetry or hatch and let it manage your project and that's the uv add style
right it manages the lock file and so on
they
were expecting uv install requests if they typed uv pip
install requests they would have been carrying on with the regular workflow and i do think it's worth
shouting out that there's like two unrelated workflows for for projects and one is sort of
the project manager poetry hatch style,
and one is the more low-level pip style.
Yeah.
Okay.
But the uv is like you can kind of flow between the styles
and it all just works,
whereas in the other one,
you kind of had to buy into it or not.
Yeah, it's all or nothing, yeah.
Another one really quick.
We partially use it.
We will transition when dependabot support is available.
See previous comment.
If you say uv pip install and uv pip compile
and use a requirements.txt file compiled by uv,
you've got dependabot support.
For me, dependabot support is a net negative.
I hate dependabot so much.
I've tried to turn it off on some of my projects,
and I can't get it turned off
without turning off all the security features at GitHub.
So I just had to set up mail rules that say, delete anything from Dependabot that says bump.
Bump this thing.
Because I would wake up on Monday and I'd have probably 25, 30 separate messages from Dependabot saying, hey, guess what?
You've got an update for this.
You've got an update for that.
I'm like,
oh, Dependabot, please stop doing this.
And if they would just go, your project has 17 updates.
Okay.
That
would be kind of helpful.
17 times your project has an update is not helpful.
So that said, if you use uv space pip compile and requires not TXC,
you have dependent bot support.
All right, last thought.
I'll leave it with this one from Jared Sheel.
Seeing a whole lot of Stockholm syndrome in the replies to this question.
Okay, interesting.
Like a lot of people were sort of, you know,
they were tied to the things that were not working well
or they were tied to the things like, well, this is how we do it,
And I know it sucks.
It's not better, but this is how we do it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah, the one thing that I would like to...
Okay, there's a reason
that
you really get a lot of the benefit of UV
if you globally install it.
You do the curl install or something, right?
And also letting it install Python for you.
With all the other Python dependencies, you can use your own custom, like a custom PyPI, like your own in-house PyPI.
With that part, the curl install and the installing the binaries, Python binaries,
I
don't know if you can do that.
So I think that that still might be a decent reason is because you're using a firewall in a company.
And
that
part isn't working right.
But you can still pip install uv.
And I have done time tests, and it's still faster to use uv even if you pip install it.
So
you
just don't get all the
benefits.
Yeah, absolutely.
Awesome.
Yeah, you've got to already have a project.
You can't start.
You've got to have Python.
You've got to have a VNV, and then you go from there.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Which is fine because mostly that's what you're doing with life.
You're not constantly creating a project.
I love our audience.
I
mean, Henry Schreiner.
Hey, Henry.
Just shout it out.
Dependabot just added support last week for uv lock.
How about that?
Do you know how out of date that Twitter thread is?
So last week.
Well, and also a lot of the knowledgeable people probably didn't respond because it's on X.
Yeah, that's true.
Well, I mean, it's a surprising amount of interaction over there for what it is.
Okay.
Over to you.
Let's talk about uv a little bit.
Why?
We haven't even done that yet.
So I want to talk about this cool project from Tim Hopper.
Love Tim.
Kind of miss seeing him.
He's one of the fellows that I used to run into at conferences all the time
and haven't been to conferences lately.
So
hi,
Tim.
Anyway, he put out the Python developer tooling handbook.
And it's an in-progress thing, but he's been working on it for a while.
yeah Tim Hopper
great guy anyway
the Python developer
tooling handbook and it's
walking through
a lot of the
basically the new
models for doing things
I don't know
it says that I guess he does
comment on a lot of these things
UV, poetry, flit,
subtools, hatch
but I was noticing right away
he's doing tutorials
and how-tos and explanations and
kind
of a cool,
and then some references and kind of a cool way
to set up some documentation.
But like, let's say publish your first Python package
or let's do a create your first Python project.
And instead of doing a lot of the history,
he's just popping to the right answer.
It's UVInit.
And I mean, actually a lot of the other init,
like initializing projects I haven't liked before,
even like the flit in it I didn't like,
but uv in it is
pretty
darn good.
They're doing a good job.
And anyway, so using
and
then adding dependencies.
And I love this, like let's skip all the,
well, you could do it nine different ways.
Just tell me the way to do it, or at least a way.
It's opinionated, but it's a good opinion.
And publishing your first package,
talking about setting it up. Anyway, a cool resource. I hope to see it
grow a lot. So anyway,
it encourages people to test. It encourages people to use TestPyPI
first before they go somewhere else. Although be careful
because there's a lot of projects that don't use
TestPyPI and they clean that one out every once in a while.
So
even if a package is available on the
test PyPI, it might not be available on the big PyPI.
Yeah,
yeah. So you're like, oh, it uploaded, so that means
there's no name conflict. Like, no, no, no. Search
PyPI.
Yeah,
but one of the things I wanted to bring up also is
let's see, right at the top.
It says, this is not a book about programming Python.
Instead, the goal of this book is to help you understand the ecosystem of tools
used to make Python development easier and more productive.
So it's going to grow.
I commented about some of the testing already,
and he said he's going to add some stuff about testing as well.
He said the handbook is structured according to the DIA taxes framework,
which,
okay,
didn't know anything about this.
Tutorial, how-to, explanation, and reference.
So I'm not going to link to it,
but there's a link here on
his
project about it.
And
I'm
going to have to read more about this.
This is interesting.
I've never heard about this.
I had not heard of it either, but it does look interesting.
Anyway, and some great information about setting up rough to check your code and things like that.
I've been so excited about UVV and V and UVPIP and stuff like that that I kind of forget that I'm using rough all the time also.
And it's kind of bundled into there.
I'm curious, while we're talking, like kind of transition to Ruff for a second, I was listening to that interview you did
recently
where you were talking about, I think you interviewed Charlie recently.
And I, there's, I like,
I
like how detailed Ruff can be, but this is one of the things that I think I'm,
Ruff
can go in the Pi Project Tommel or there's Ruff Tommel also now.
And I kind of like, I think I might transition to using the ruff.toml or try to, because I end up having like a decent amount of tweaking the rules a little bit.
And I'm not really tweaking the project.
I'm just tweaking the linting rules.
So
are
you using, do you use rough and where do you put your rules?
I love rough.
And I'm all about the rough.toml.
Yeah, it definitely takes more than a page of small font on my screen.
Okay.
I don't want to, you know, you could reasonably have a PyProject.toml that's smaller than the ruff.toml.
So, you know, I don't want to put those together.
Yeah, and I loved Charlie's comment about the rules of even he doesn't turn them all on.
That would be silly.
So I tried it.
I tried turning all the rules on.
And there's some rules that are inconsistent.
There's like two or three rules that are conflict with other rules.
So you have to decide,
you
know, if you turn them all on,
there's
actually a built-in conflict because a couple of those conflicts.
But it gives you really great detailed information about how to fix it.
Yeah, another benefit from using a rough TOML over pyproject.toml is if you're using Docker or any, basically any continuous integration style thing where it looks at, well, if any of the source files change, I need to rebuild or redeploy.
and restart your web apps, your APIs, or whatever,
you can make changes to your ruff.toml
and having, if you exclude that with a Docker ignore, for example,
then you rebuild it.
It'll say, yep, there's no changes, right?
Unless those changes result in real code changes.
So I
know it's not a huge deal,
but that's a plus one in the column of separating those things.
Yeah, so if you're just doing a handful of rules,
it might be fine in your pyproject.toml,
but if you're experimenting with turning on more and more rules,
then,
yeah,
bring
it separate.
It's both surprising and cool
that
by default not all of them are on,
because a lot of linters in the past, they defaulted to all on,
and you'd try to use the tool and it would just blow up with errors.
But Ruff does not.
it's got
some
good standard ones
and then you have to go turn them on.
So
anyway.
Yep.
One more piece I saw in the toolbook here
that it was being added with a uv add.
I put rough into my system
using uv toolinstall ruff
because just globally
and then have a ruff.toml
for each project to configure it.
So that way you don't have to
have updates to your project
or make sure you remember and install.
It's just like a globally available
tool.
Yeah.
I should do that.
I don't know why I don't.
Oh.
Anyway.
Well, should we talk about the wonderful people at Posit that are helping us today?
Absolutely.
Okay.
Let's do it.
This episode of Python Bytes is brought to you by the folks at Posit.
Posit has made a huge investment in the Python community lately.
Known originally for RStudio, they have been building out a suite of tools and services for Team Python.
Today, I want to focus on hosting your Python-based data science workloads.
This includes dashboards, reports, plots, interactive web apps, all the way to custom Flask and Django apps.
Their service is Posit Connect.
Posit Connect makes it easy for data scientists to share work built with Python code.
If you have a streamlit app, dashboard, Plotly interactive plots, a FastAPI service, or even a Quarto report, just give Posit Connect the code it needs to maintain the asset, and Connect automatically does the rest.
Connect will manage your APIs and serve your interactive apps.
And if desired, update your ports and dashboards on a scheduled basis.
That's right. No more need to explain to the stakeholders why the dashboard or plot stopped updating last week.
You get to focus on your data science and leverage your skill set while Connect makes you look good, keeping your code running in private.
With Connect, you get a private URL on your Connect server, ensuring that your asset is continuously
available
to your shareholders.
You can also control which users have access to the asset.
Let Posit Connect handle the delivery and DevOps
involved
in sharing your work.
You focus on what you do best.
So if you work on a data science team, you owe it to you and your org to check out Posit Connect.
Visit pythonbytes.fm/connect today and get
a
three-month free trial to see if it's a good fit.
That's pythonbytes.fm/connect.
The link is in your podcast player's show notes.
Thank you to Posit for supporting Python Bytes.
Absolutely.
Thank you, Posit.
That's sort of a data science theme, right, Brian?
Yeah.
Let's go and talk about something from Adam Chains.
And I know we talked about rough, but what about black?
So black is still a super important, super influential thing.
I imagine with black, without black, maybe rough doesn't exist.
So I want to come up, I want to point out a tool called Blacken Docs.
So if you have documentation, and in that documentation maybe you've got some code blocks,
some Python code blocks, and you would like to format them.
I don't know how well your Markdown Editor formats code, but I'll tell you what.
I love my Markdown Editor, which is TypeHora.
It does not have a reformat according to rough style feature
whenever I say tick, tick, tick, Python types and stuff, right?
But this does.
And so you can run this against all sorts of different things.
So it says documentation.
But if you look at it, what it will do is it works on restructured text
or it works on markdown files.
Okay.
For example, I'm working on that Python in production book from Talk Python, which is like 250 pages of Markdown.
There's a crap ton of tick, tick, tick Python something or other in there.
Oh, yeah.
I could run it against that.
It doesn't have to be documentation.
Anything that's restructured text
or
Markdown that has
Python
code,
you
know, full-size code block sections, you can just hit it with that.
Oh, cool.
That's cool, right?
Yeah.
You can also install a pre-commit hook.
It comes with one.
And then when anybody commits,
it will automatically format that.
And I think, does it do doc strings as well?
Let's see.
I believe, yeah, you can run it on Python files
to reformat doc strings.
Yeah.
So doc strings and basically markdown and restructure text.
That's pretty awesome, right?
yeah
so there you go you can even turn it off
with some comments like no
please don't do it here
and so on
so just to be clear I mean it's probably obvious but
it's not
it's formatting
the code blocks within your markdown
files
to
black style
there aren't black styles for
markdown
yes exactly
although that's an interesting idea as well
I
actually wouldn't mind
something like black for Markdown
because it drives me... I do
headings with the
pound
and pound, pound.
But Markdown allows the
underscore, the dash
line line underneath it.
I hate that. It drives me.
It's like somebody came from a structured
text and stuck it in there.
Let's make it easier to convert our restructured text.
No.
No, please don't
do that. We're here because
we don't like structured text. Don't you understand
what's happening?
All right, well, anyway, thanks, Adam, for that.
That's a cool-looking project.
Yeah.
I'm going to stick with some data science themes
for a little bit longer.
So
I
want to talk about reinventing notebooks
as reusable Python programs.
Have you heard of this Marimo thing?
Marimo, yes.
I just had
the founder of Marimo on Talk Python.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not out yet, but it's been recorded and available on YouTube.
Okay.
This is sort of interesting.
I'm like, oh, okay, somebody else is reinventing notebooks or something.
But this
is pretty cool.
So what are we looking at here?
What we're looking at is, I'm going to pop down to some code examples,
is that
a
notebook doesn't have to look like a notebook anymore
in like JSON form or something.
It can look like Python, or at least with the Maramode environment.
And I'm not
quite
sure.
You probably know more than I do then.
Can you just open these up into notebooks,
or do you have to do something special to get them up?
So it's a different execution environment than, say,
in Jupyter Space Lab or Jupyter Space Notebook.
It's a different runtime.
Okay.
But they're real similar.
Okay, got it.
But I really like that it's just Python.
Well, it's not just Python code.
It's extra stuff also.
It looks like they add some decorators to make their environment understand what it is.
Like there's app.sell
and
at app
.sell
and at app.function and
probably
other stuff too.
But some of the benefits of this are incredible.
So some of the benefits are that you can version with Git easier.
Well, you can do that with JSON too,
but the diffs don't really make a lot of sense often.
The diffs are all over the place.
You can test with pytest, and that one, I'm like, really?
That's been one of the problems because
in
the past,
testing is kind of an issue,
or at least it has been a long time ago when I tried it.
Maybe they've solved it other ways.
But testing even with Doctest,
and some of the other stuff in there,
embedding SQL and Markdown,
like all the sort of stuff that you could normally do with Python
you can now still do with these.
And it's just kind of cool.
I wanted to check this out and try it out.
This is available for everybody to run, right?
Yeah, it's available for people to run.
You can download it, run it locally.
They also have some cloud options, and it's really neat.
There's super nice ways to host it.
You just say run it as a service.
One of the things that's pretty interesting here,
let me steal the stage for a moment,
is this all runs inside of,
in your browser, client-side.
So that's one of the big differences with, say,
Jupyter versus this,
is it's powered by WebAssembly and PyOxide.
Hmm. Okay.
Pyodide, rather, sorry.
and so for example this one
that I pulled up I'll put it in the show notes
is the F1 driver career explorer
and look how nice this looks Brian
like in terms of relative
compare that to Jupyter for example I think
it's got like a really beautiful style
you know you can check out
this is old we got to put Ferrari in here for
Hamilton
they only got Mercedes and McLaren
but it was powered by say DuckDB
WebAssembly for example
and F1 data
and yeah it's you know it's got little
explorer
sort of things and it just it feels really polished
it also has a collaborative edit sort of thing like jupiter notebooks i'm sorry like google docs
rather so you can like pair up on them there's a lot of neat stuff about this
okay
but this is okay
it's still cool i was but i i misunderstood i thought maybe it was just a new way to run jupiter
notebooks.
Yes, but with a decent amount
of new features.
I mean, yeah.
Well, I guess
the thing I'm missing then, or
not understanding, is there a
relation between this and Jupyter notebooks?
Can you use
any of the
rest of the Jupyter environment?
I
believe so.
I'm trying to remember now how much integration
there is between those, but yeah, I think so.
Okay, cool.
I'll investigate more.
Anyway, I'm still pretty excited about it.
It looks pretty neat.
I'll have to play with it a bit.
Yep, absolutely.
It's also another thing that it really tries to solve
is they are trying to solve the...
Oh, you know what?
I said it had a Google Docs integration.
Not exactly.
But what they're trying to solve
is the real challenges of integrating notebooks with Git.
So, for example, with notebooks, they're really JSON files,
and then they've got the input blocks and the output blocks.
So if you've run some code,
and it's dependent on anything that might change,
you'll get, like, huge, instead of getting a nice merge,
you'll get two conflicts of, like, giant embedded blobs and so on.
Yeah.
The other thing that this really addresses around notebooks
is notebooks allow you to run them in any order,
which is kind of insane, right?
Like I could run cell one, cell two, cell three, cell four, change cell two, run cell four again to see what the output is.
But maybe the changes would have made cell two be different or cell three be different, you know, and you can like skip over.
You'll have like  you'll have little numbers on the side of which order it was running.
It would be like 1, 7, 8, 19, 14 or something.
You know, as you go down, you're like, oh, this.
So this is reactive in the sense that every variable you create is like wrapped.
It's not technically wrapped in a reactive behavior thing.
They parse the DOM every time you run anything.
And they create relationships between cells.
Say like, okay, cell 10 uses something from cell 1 and cell 3.
So if you run cell 3, it knows that cell 10 is out of date
or potentially will just rerun it for you.
So it keeps track of the relationships even depending on the order
so that you don't end up with like stale data
and then run another cell that pulls in that stale data and so on.
So it's trying to really address that as well.
That's cool.
Yeah.
That's one of the things that threw me off when I first started using Notebooks.
That's a little weird.
Like why is it allowed to just run this piece?
From an exploratory perspective, that makes sense.
Like, well, those were all expensive
and I just want to ask questions down here and over here.
But from a reproducibility perspective in debugging, it's bad.
Yeah, yeah.
So anyway, neat, something fun new to play with.
Indeed,
yeah, it's pretty cool.
So that's our items.
Do you have any extras for us?
I do have some extras.
Let's see a couple real quick.
PyCon Taiwan, PyCon Taiwan 2025.
is doing a call for proposals.
It's going to be in the fall.
And so
you've
got until April 5th anywhere in the world.
So if you want to go to Taiwan and present stuff there,
they have a decent number of English
tracks
and talks and stuff,
and they're looking for more.
So check that out.
Also, a follow-up on the Hacker News thing.
Remember, Brian, I was reading the Hacker News thing saying,
who's looking for a job?
Who's hiring?
Well, Shinjitsu sent a submission and said,
I'm sure some other Hacker News readers have already told you this.
No, they haven't.
So thank you, Shinjitsu.
But if you haven't, you kind of got this exactly wrong.
Oh, sorry.
It says, Ask Hacker News Who Is Hiring is a monthly post
that asks employers to post what jobs they're posting,
not people asking which one.
And who wants to be hired is a monthly topic that has people who are looking for jobs about themselves.
So
did we have that backwards?
It was actually bad news?
Yeah, I think that's what it's saying.
Let me see.
Yes, I think I said who wants to be hired was asked by the employers,
and who is hiring was asked by the people looking for a job.
But it sounds like it's the other way around.
So that would make it less rosy.
So sorry about that, folks, if that was a little bit backwards.
Oh, okay.
See?
Errata.
Yes, we have to have an
errata.
How about you?
I've got a couple of things.
First off, PyCon US announced that there's a refund policy for international attendees if you qualify for certain things.
And actually, I'm just embarrassed as American that we have to do stuff like this.
But international travel in the United States has become more complex for many of our community.
Like on U.S. welcomes all community members to Pittsburgh.
But if for some reason you can't come because of various
problems,
read the post for details.
But
they're
a
fairly, I think, a fairly cool refund policy details.
anyway if you can't come for some reason check this out
I've been thinking
a lot about this there's
been a lot of badness and
I'm not happy about it Brian
I'm not happy that our country is treating people that way it's one thing
if you catch somebody trying to sneak over the border and I mean it's a
political debate on
how
lenient or aggressive you want to
enforce them. But when people, especially from
fellow
ally countries, just try to come over and
they get put in jail because they didn't have the right kind of visa or something, that is,
that's some bad stuff. Well, you would just never think that that was, that was the way the U.S.
would treat people. I know they've been a little bit tough on immigration, but you know, Australia
has, Canada has. I was detained at the Canadian border for a long time and finally was let into
Canada. And it's
okay, it's a hassle. But this is
another level of jerkery
and
I'm glad
to see that PyCon is doing this. I
apologize to the world. I guarantee you
Brian and I are not supporters of this
policy.
We're supporters of the refund policy.
Yes, not the
cause of the
refund policy.
Right.
Okay. On a
slightly more positive note,
I finally finished up restructuring the complete pytest course series.
So originally it was, so this is over at pythontest.com.
This originally was, I had a remaking the pytest book I wrote as a course,
and it was one course, but really the book was into three parts
and intended to be read at different times during your development process.
When you're first starting out a pytest,
then when you're trying to apply it to projects.
And then when you're really good at it
and you really want to take off and get great at it,
there's another section.
And I had it in one course, and it doesn't write quite.
I don't think it really quite fit how people use pytest and learn pytest.
So now
it's
split up.
So you can still get the complete bundle, and it gets the three parts.
But the three parts, learning the basics of pytest is a separate course now.
You can just buy it separate.
And then you can grab part two and then part three.
But also part two is working with projects.
Part three, the booster rockets.
Like really building plugins is why you would probably grab this
and advanced parameterization techniques.
However, even if you didn't buy the other ones,
I like having them separate now because if somebody is like,
I really want to build my own plugin,
You can just go check out this one course instead of taking all three of them.
So
that's
my big news there.
The other reason why the other restructuring that I did is all the chapters are now a single video
per
chapter for the most part.
Chapters two and three are a bit long, so I split them up so they're about 20 minutes each.
But the thing that I really like about this now is that in each video,
you
can pop in and you can change the speed.
So you can watch like
the
whole, I mean, I'm usually a 1.25 or 1.5 speed kind of person.
And
it
was bugging me that you had to reset that setting every three minutes, like for
a three or five minute video.
Now, now it's only like you only set it once for a 20 minute video.
So
anyway,
works better for me.
Hopefully it works better for everybody else too.
So
that's
my, that's my big extra.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Congrats on getting that all redone.
That's great.
Yeah, so how about a joke?
Shall we boldly go when
no one has gone before?
Yeah, so last week's joke was around a Star Trek Klingon theme.
And we had, who was it?
We had somebody from Holgi on Mastodon said, again, you probably already know this,
but
there's
this thing called
Klingon
programmers.
So this is over at Cornell.edu.
Top 12 things likely to be heard if you are a Klingon programmer.
And I kind of love this.
So we should probably
zoom
in a little bit.
Okay.
We're not going to read all 12, but
number
12 is actually pretty good.
Specifications are for the weak and timid.
Do you want to read any of these?
Let's see.
This machine is a piece of God.
I need a dual Pentium processor.
if I am to do battle with this code.
Yeah.
Number four,
a true Klingon warrior
does not comment his code.
Debugging.
Klingons do not debug.
Our software does not coddle the weak.
Perhaps I think the perfect...
Oh, no, go ahead.
Klingon functions do not have parameters.
They have arguments
and they always win them.
I love it.
All right, let's round out the tie back to last week,
which was we will test in production.
Okay, yeah.
So this is what, number one?
Number one, do it.
Our users will know fear and cower before our software.
Ship it, ship it, and let them flee like the dogs they are.
Exactly.
This is good.
This is a reminder also to everybody that if you think we probably have already heard it,
there's a decent chance we haven't.
So send it to us anyway.
We don't mind repeats.
So if you find something funny.
People give us a
lot of credit, Brian.
Maybe too much, more than we deserve sometimes.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Well, thanks again for jumping on the
call
with us.
And
enjoy doing another episode.
And thank you, everybody
that
listens and everybody that shares this with other people.
We like to grow our community.
Yeah, very much appreciate everyone.
See y'all later.
Bye, Brian.
Bye.